docs: clarify Defender Deploy Environment API keys (#107)
OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-foundry-upgrades: docs/modules/pages/foundry-defender.adoc

DEFENDER_SECRET=<Your API secret>
----

> NOTE: The API key for the above must at least have the capability to Manage Deployments. You can configure your API keys at https://defender.openzeppelin.com/#/settings/api-keys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: The API key for the above must at least have the capability to Manage Deployments (optionally Manage Relayers is needed to create an approval process with a Relayer). You can configure your API keys at https://defender.openzeppelin.com/#/settings/api-keys.
```

> NOTE: These API keys are specifically for the Deploy Environment (Production or Test) that you configured in Defender. You can obtain these keys from the Deploy module in Defender during the environment setup process. For more information, see https://docs.openzeppelin.com/defender/v2/tutorial/deploy#environment_setup.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
NOTE: The API key for the above must at least have the capability to Manage Deployments. You can configure your API keys at https://defender.openzeppelin.com/#/settings/api-keys.
```
